# Gamedle
Gamedle is a web application consisting of two major features: a suggestor for finding new games with filters and a guessing game inspired by games like Wordle.

## How To Run This Project:
 - Open the repo in VS code
 - open a new terminal
 - enter the following commands:
```
npm install
npm run dev -- --open
```

## Technologies Used
This project was developed using Sveltekit.
The data used for the suggestor was generated by ChatGPT, and the data used for the game is retrieved from the [Free To Game API](https://www.freetogame.com/api-doc).

## Know Issues
 - When game descriptions have the title more than once, only the first instance of the title is hidden.

## Future Roadmap
 - A more diverse dataset to use for the game.
 - Images for the games in the suggestor.
 - Better filtering by platform.
 - Show the player their previous guesses.

## Site design analysis
This project was inspired by three sites in particular:
### [Wordle](https://www.nytimes.com/games/wordle/index.html)
Worlde is a popular web game, where a player has to try to guess a word, only revealing the letters they get correct. Wordle has a very minimalistic design. This makes the site clean, but also a bit uninteresting to look at. The layout of the page is centered and the content is vertical, making this site very mobile-friendly. The icons are minimalistc, which makes them very easy to understand.
### [Loldle](https://loldle.net/)
Loldle is another web game inspired by loldle, where each day the player can guess various things from the game League of Legends such as characters or abilities. Loldle uses a very similar mobile-friendly layout to Wordle, as it was inspired by it, but where Wordle has a clean and minimalistic design and colour scheme, Loldle uses a more vibrant and varied colour pallete, inspired by League of Legends, but compared to Wordle is almost too much. Loldle also uses minimalist icons to convey information to a user.
### [GuessTheGame](https://guessthe.game/)
Guess The Game is a website where a player is shown various screenshots of a video game, and have 6 attempts to guess the title. The colour scheme and theming of Guess The Game is a nice inbetween of Wordle and Loldle, using a cleaner, less noisy theme than Loldle but with a more interesting pallete than Wordle. The desktop version of this site has a lot of empty space, as it seems formatted for mobile but doesn't stretch to look nicer for a desktop layout.
